OPERATING IN THE COURT OF HEAVEN
We need to know that there are several courts in heaven; for example
1.	The court of accusation 
2.	The court of petition
3.	The court of intercession – Rom.8:33-34
4.	The court of justice and judgement – Ps.89:14
5.	The court of the counsel of the Lord – Jer.23:18
6.	The court of grace to obtain mercy –Heb.4:16
7.	The court of Mount Zion –Obadiah 1:21-22
8.	The court of the Ancient of Days – the Supreme Court – Dan.7:1-10

Court Session
The Case is :- Coming into our rest
-	We need rest from Banditory, strikes, financial failures
-	We also need rest in our marriages etc
Deut.3:20-22 – until ye have entered into your inheritance and found rest 
-	Our nation needs rest from sorrows and kidnapping 
Isaiah 14:3 – and it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve,
-	We need rest from our sorrows and sufferings. 
Matt. 11:28-30
28 ¶ Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 
29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. 
30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.

Since our case is that we need rest, then we need to appear before the court of heaven
-	We come first to the court of accusation and the court of Mercy to find grace to help in the time of need
1.	Come into the court with thanksgiving
2.	Ask the Lord to summon our accusers and our adversary before this Divine and honourable court of accusation
3.	Mention your name, Village, L.G.A, State, nation by introducing yourself to the Divine honourable court.
4.	Request that the court be seated and let the books of your destiny, the books of the destiny of your family and community, the books of destiny of your nation be opened before this court.
5.	Tell the court that you agree with the adversary, accept fault and bring Strong repentance and plead for Mercy. Heb.3:10; 17-19
6.	Bring deep repentance for all your sins
7.	Tell the Judge (Isaiah 33:22) that you are guilty – this is because the records do not contain anything to do with lies (Rev. 20:12)
8.	Ensure you put an end to all wickedness 
9.	Tell the Lord (the Judge) that you have come to this court on the basis that His Blood has redeemed you from all accusations
10.	Further ask the Lord (the Judge) to have Mercy on you, your family, foundation, and your nation; mention all these names
11.	Isaiah 41:21 - Bring forth your strong reasons 
12.	Matt.11:28-30 – Tell Him that you have come in respect to His invitation
13.	Tell the Lord (the Judge) that you need rest, so that you can take His yoke and enter into your inheritance and rest.
14.	Plead with Him that you need rest in your finances, rest in the bringing up of your children, rest from repeated cycles of affliction and diseases. 
-	For these reasons Oh Lord, you have come to appeal the case of any judgement that the adversary has brought against you, your family, your community, your nation, etc
15.	Ask the Lord (the Judge) to set aside such litigation and judgement – by the court of heaven.
16.	Let the Voice of the Lord, (Ps.29:1-8 silent every contrary voice speaking against your life, your children, your wife/husband, your community, your nation and the church.
17.	Ask the Lord (the Judge) to issue a perpetual court injunction against the adversary, restraining him (and his agents) from attacking and harassing you, your wife/husband, children, business, the church and the nation, etc and to stop his evil antics in trying to stop you from entering into your rest.  
18.	By Faith we are done with the court session. You can now go into warfare prayers 
19.	Bring prophetic judgement on anything that would not allow you, your family from entering into your rest. Judges 3:29-30
20.	Bring judgement upon every force(s)  from the kingdom of darkness that will not permit you, etc, from entering into your rest.
21.	Bring strong prophetic judgement against all such forces and silent their speaking/voices in the name of Yeshua-hamishach. Jer.50:33-37
-	Declare that your Redeemer is strong
-	Release the sword of the Lord to do battle; let it come upon them and discomfit them
-	Let the sword come upon their treasures and they shall be robbed.
-	Let the sword of the Lord come upon all these forces and discomfit them
22.	Ps.19:1-6 – Do some deprogramming and programming into the heavenly elements – the sun, the moon, etc. by the Blood of Jesus.
23.	Col.2:14-15 – Bring the Blood of Jesus to blot out all sorceries, handwritings of ordinances that was against you, etc. which was contrary to us, taking it out of the way, nailing it to His cross.
-	And having spoiled principalities and powers, He made a show of them openly triumphing over them in it. 
24.	Command the sun, the moon and the stars not to respond to the programming of the wicked in this season.
25.	Plead the Blood of Jesus to blot out all that have been programmed that are against the nation and contrary to the nation.
26.De-program and nullify any plan and agenda to bring back any wicked man to sit on the seat of the presidency of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. 
